README.md, before:

# soaring_depths
a Minecraft modpack based around immersive tech and magic in a Skylands world.  
Minecraft version: 1.16.5
[Curseforge page](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/soaring_depths)

This modpack is made by [Feaseron](https://www.curseforge.com/members/feaseron/projects), with art and structures by [herrschanana](https://www.curseforge.com/members/herrschanana/projects).

Includes hundreds of custom crafting recipes, four origins, thirteen custom structures, boss fights and much more.

Magic and technology are intimately intertwined to provide an encompassing exerperience.

Progress through a broken world by machines and magic to construct a Nether Portal. Obtaining Nether materials will allow you to access smarter machines and more potent magic.
Craft an End Portal and explore the vast alien world of the End. Decide how you will improve the shattered overworld with your otherworldly powers of flight, construction and destruction.

Origins:
- Human: business as usual
- Zombie: Burns in sunlight, friendly with undead mobs.
- Kobold: Smaller, Faster, Stronger. Not accustomed to light, though.
- Piglin: Weaker in the Overworld, with a love of Gold and Netherite.
- Enderman: Tall, hydrophobic and can teleport around.


Mods:
The key mods in this pack are Create, Astral Sorcery, OTG: Skylands, Alex's Mobs and Biomes 'O Plenty.
See the mod list [here](modlist.html).

Full project description can be found [here](description.md).

Credits:
- Witch Hut structure by [Maisa](https://www.planetminecraft.com/project/wizard-tower-4151252/)
- Steampunk Wizard Tower structure by [Benevolent Demon](https://www.planetminecraft.com/project/steampunk-wizard-tower/)

Commit message:

Added credits to vanilla tweaks
- Vanilla Tweaks wants credits in a specific way, sure why not.
- Improved wording in Readme.md

README.md, after:

# soaring_depths
a Minecraft modpack based around immersive tech and magic in a Skylands world.  
Minecraft version: 1.16.5
[Curseforge page](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/soaring_depths)

This modpack is made by [Feaseron](https://www.curseforge.com/members/feaseron/projects), with art and structures by [herrschanana](https://www.curseforge.com/members/herrschanana/projects).

Includes hundreds of custom crafting recipes, four origins, thirteen custom structures, boss fights and much more.

Magic and technology are intimately intertwined to provide an overarching exerperience.

Progress through a broken world by machines and magic to construct a Nether Portal out of Crying Obsidian. Obtaining Nether materials will allow you to access smarter machines and more potent magic.
Craft an End Portal and explore the vast alien world of the End. Battle dangerous bosses and explore custom structures. Decide how you will improve the shattered overworld with your otherworldly powers of construction and destruction.

There are four custom origins included in this pack, in addition to the default Human Origin:
- Zombie: Burns in sunlight, friendly with undead mobs.
- Kobold: Smaller, Faster, Stronger. Not accustomed to light, though.
- Piglin: Weaker in the Overworld, with a love of Gold and Netherite.
- Enderman: Tall, hydrophobic and can teleport around.


Mods:
The key mods in this pack are Create, Eidolon, Astral Sorcery, OTG: Skylands and Alex's Mobs.
See the full mod list [here](modlist.html).

Credits:
- Witch Hut structure by [Maisa](https://www.planetminecraft.com/project/wizard-tower-4151252/)
- Steampunk Wizard Tower structure by [Benevolent Demon](https://www.planetminecraft.com/project/steampunk-wizard-tower/)
- Original Nether Portal data pack by [Vanilla Tweaks](https://vanillatweaks.net/)
